tmo live mode: srcf ffb, arp triggers, drp-lustre, psana-live with chunking in-progress
* live mode, acr env, rix deadtime, fiber powers, new rogue (aug 4 or 15), grafana no rix deadtime (epics to grafana for neh-base rix), matt opal fex hang, psmon ex, pv's in lcls2, smd list of strings, rix run280, fim clearreadout, multiopal, opal exposure, tstopr, new off-by-one, rack cooling, more drp nodes

on drp-neh-ctl002:
epics_exporter -H rix -M /cds/group/psdm/psdatmgr/etc/config/prom -P DAQ:NEH:XPM:3 RunTime Run NumL0Acc L0AccRate NumL0Inp L0InpRate DeadFrac

phil ami requests:
pausing (online and offline? straightforward?)
event jumping (significant work)
can procmgr use /u1 or /var to avoid filling up /tmp? or cronjob cleanup (caf)
rms (straightforward)
threshold, counting number of times pixel is above the threshold, either rolling buffer every 100 events or infinite (straightforward)
across or within runs: saving a static reference (XYPlot/Histogram/2DImage) and can be used as a red box (straightforward)
for ami to be able to control detector params need uniform xface for this (significant work)
reduce verbosity
an example for each of the above
update documentation (a video showing basic ami setup/running plus in-line documentation)

sebastien priorities:

new bos (matt)
New data analysis system (SDF) (long time)
AMI-2 to HXU instruments (no)
Python3 for XTCAV and psocake (6 weeks)
Parallelize Offline AMI2 (done)
Derive pedestals from dropped shots (3 months for jungfrau/epix)

* managing sharing: readout groups, drp nodes, cnf files, timing system connections
 - Chris Ford is working on a shared-DAQ resource allocation manager
 - Matt Weaver has this big-optical-switch ("BOS") which is principle allows more flexible use of the shared DAQ nodes
 - right now we have rix/tmo "official" setups.  we should probably create another one for acr, and then another one for one-off setups (like what Bill Schlotter is doing tomorrow).
 - make drp nodes more uniform?
* configure andor with configdb?
* explore object stores for psana like ceph (mona)
* dump out all lcls2 config objects with psana (ro)
* fim link to xpm not locking (matt)
* analyze mhz hsd data (mona)
* avoid missing 1 second of epicsarch data at beginning of run
* multisegment epicsinfo in pvadetector
* twocanary (toucan) in srcf
* code/results migration to/from nersc/sdf
* selectable detectors in psana RunSerial mode (mona)
* off-by-one enabling automation (stoppers)
* xface for ami controlling detector params
* hsdioc needing restart (matt)
* hsd test pattern mode (matt)
* makepeds/calibrun regression tests and simplification or freeze? (mikhail)
* opals for different daq's on same machine (larry+pcds)
* fix psana1 test release LD_PRELOAD hack caused by removal of
  ' -Wl,--copy-dt-needed-entries -Wl,--enable-new-dtags'
  in SConsTools/psdm_cplusplus.py for gcc48.
* psana dbase access for live mode list of files
* deadtime-per-detector in grafana
* generic detector calibration constants (e.g. manta)
* yves acremann detector
* teststand: kcu's to acc nodes (01,02,05,06), bring back ffb, fix ib manager and moving it to switch
** for phil: configdb_readxtc and compare configs (ro, caf)
* archon for rix
* improved psana1 tests (ro)
* lcls2 common-mode for panels in different gain ranges (mikhail)
* update rogue
* plims for lcls2
* mpi jobs not exiting if one core crashes
* put procstat in prometheus (or hard to duplicate all functionality?)
* how to deal with pickle in the calibdb?
* epicsarch support for strings (ric says it's hard)
* protect against use of keywords as epics aliases, consider using namespacing. write a sanitizer for epicsarch files (use "import keywords"?)
* send clearreadout to pvadetectors
* support uniform 3D arrays in areadetector interface
* remove git passwords for relmanage
* eliminate opal lcls1->lcls2 timing toggling (larry, ben)
* multiseg epics (kwargs or collection segids?) (mona)
* jungfrau/epix dark shot pedestals
* psana1: implement idx using smd
* correct setting for hyperthreading? (ric says important for MHz)
* psana2 idx mode
* psana1: add epix firmware id in epix id's for phil
* upgrade jupyterhub or use on-demand?
* general test that all public detector attributes are method taking event with return type (ro)
** support multiple cameras on one drp node
** one exe writing multiple files to improve performance
* move batch tests to slurm
** xtcdata duplicate names throw
* move away from afs (mv pdsdata/psalg repo)
* spares
** make everything work with Debug instead of RelWithDebInfo (valerio, ric)
* move readout group config info from segment levels to ts
* optionally don't record selected detectors to disk
* mikhail: roentdek with quadanode
* fix camlink converter box with opal where only one strip works (requires camlink powercycle)
* daq window placement
* parallelized calibrations (mikhail)
* state machine confusing (ric email) lower priority?
* monitor deadtime per-lane (matt)
* improved grafana (like ganglia)
* reduction algorithms (ric)
* move other hutches to lcls2
* allocation of readout groups and devices, lanes
** shared drp node allocation mechanism (caf)
* xpplr8116 geom calib const access for py3
* make hsd's more robust, e.g. timing dropouts (matt)
* LCLS2 drop shots (bykiks evtcode 161)
* MHz with real tmo analysis (mona)
* create more platforms for procmgr
* practice power outage
* parallel jupyterhub with visualization
* daq2 chunking
* lcls2 private calibdir (mikhail)
* portable gpu detector corrections (kokkos/hip/openmp/opencl?)
* deploy releases everywhere, containers? (valerio) (nersc, sdf, new/old psana1)
* unified/integrated timetool calibration
* fix failing new-style psana1 tests (valerio)
* shifter mounting permissions (mona, johannes)
* send multiple copy of events to shmem like lcls1
** small h5 ebeam/gasdet automatic storage (ro)
* small h5 ragged arrays
* meb (or later layer) broadcasts events to all clients (ami, python) (ric)
* read-while-write smallh5
* test daq sequences (caf)
* psana1 MTRX:V2 geometry (mikhail)
* update procServ (caf)
* slow updates need to obey deadtime (matt)
* setting msgdelay in timing system? (matt)
* syslog print throttling (caf)
* off-by-one (psana1/2) (ro)
* off-by-one support for low-rate devices
* units support in det xface
* put psana2 (and psana1?) on conda-forge
* calibdb dns issue (in travis macos build)
* replace travis
* in psana SRV callback only persist some fields to h5?
* once we have real data, work more on timetool calc in firmware
* dlopen for reduction alg
* test calibman/geo (mikhail)
* sdf/nersc calib-dir sync (wilko)
* psana1: continuous integration of py3 (jenkins)
* lcls2 configdb tools: history (ro)
* algorithms (drp/ana, e.g. beam-center finding)
* singularity at slac
* support more python versions
* SDF support including ARP
* python DRP? (ric, matt)
* fiber power readings everywhere (matt, tid)
* too many open files (mona)
* peaknet
* ami:
  - josh: nanosecond xpcs: 2 pulse acqiris.  ratio of peak areas, correlation
    export results to ACR
  - josh: xpcs photon counting, working with chuck: accumulate statistics
    and then fit, number of photons per shot in histogram (talk to chuck
    and silke sxrm23). nicholas burdet (shared postdoc)
* timetool (ben): tag to front end, fiber power, toggle xpmini->lcls2 timing, clear readout
* simpler interface for controlling teb/meb?
* xtcav daq recording epics variables as well (and also bld values?)
* xtcav/psocake py3 compatible

**********************************************************************

remote support

* containers
  - additional layer of complexity
  - singularity support @psana
  - onDemand makes it simpler to activate containers
  - permissions
  - size/quotas
  - jupyter onDemand support (copy sdf, kubernetes?)
  - user-generated containers? (complexity)
  - release goal: oip, make a container, use it @lcls and sdf in batch/interactively
* need to work on syncing permissions/acls/groups
* identical directory structure problem solved by using containers
* support both user ad-hoc envs and lcls official envs

